new post: migrate posts from PyCon TW blogger (#48)
pycontw/pycontw-blog: content/posts/2015-06-04-10-things-you-dont-want-to-miss-at_4.md

### Cloud Panel

![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/TcXDSKQMT_0InpDTBwnQfzClzoou8VBt_zrtRRwV0PcXGcrQD-RzeOLRqheLvs7maI1NUSuejE8rn_yB0-txa5K0VcYHIeQHtkFZTL88QxGw72gf2RJz_ayAt740oUWQ8WWUVJ0)

The new age of cloud computing has arrived! Big data! IoT! All the cool stuffs are happening on cloud. We are pleased to announce that our Cloud Panel event will be hosted at 3pm on Saturday (July 6th), the second day of PyCon APAC 2015.

Our renowned sponsors, Google, Microsoft and SoftLayer, will get together and talk about cloud, python, and more. This 40-minutes event will be in English, and each company will have a guest speaker to share their industry insights. Since we are already “back to the Future,” Cloud panel is definitely your must-go!

See you on Saturday at R4!

### Night Market

![](https://lh6.googleusercontent.com/qtSndggbTpwn_AaYj4xbJlosuhqbU91xzHmLJ1qKtFs0TCyBK_qZNiRvB7d0KenLjfyGxrJwdzu15o6_wAhfXKDBzHxF2LfBqWgVWz3zbaWGyXd4SDWefOq7N6YCuvJvFa6H154)![](https://lh4.googleusercontent.com/ddoKu9OckXYbWtt89NDLoRYiiR9TED_tLW9W2wYKR4MED6qOkoGPcqKIn88Gkn2K_JZ9qImHyxEc3ghrEGUqNJUZQ4hImi9QU1QxeYvjUA08EssAbj6Yw3j92D-U_znNvPpL_dE)

> Everyone loves Night-Market. Now you can find it on PyCon APAC 2015, within Pythoniest Style ! You can enjoy the buffet, the performance, and the boothes with genious stuffs. All made by Python.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Everyone loves Night-Market. Now you can find it on PyCon APAC 2015, within Pythoniest Style ! You can enjoy the buffet, the performance, and the booths with genius staffs. All made by Python.
```

Oh, BTW, we are still calling for booth. Join us now :p

How to apply: <https://tw.pycon.org/2015apac/en/program/night-party/>

### The Wall of Python History

![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/ThJhmb-z-AhjXsWzNOxCfUYRQrcaj-gGlvuLrS5DPfi0RNyYcR_WX2Yq1K1rSkLLkASxSVnSItakghSbKKHB9CfiVGq-yHLONgGMO8ELvA85ZdVaIArorrWhvEbHPNw2JzyU3as)

For the main theme “ Back to \_\_future\_\_ II," there is a History wall at 3F, you can look on it to know the past of python and PyCon Taiwan. And, you can add your memory on it, with us.

### Show Time & Job Fair

Talents, Engineers, Sponsors, Hunters, are gathered together.

> Like a carnival, Show Ttime & Job Fair is a party we encourage our sponsors to show their products, culture, and even what they can do for you! All you need to do is to walk around the booth area, take a look on what's going on there. We bet you will find something really impressing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Like a carnival, Show Time & Job Fair is a party we encourage our sponsors to show their products, culture, and even what they can do for you! All you need to do is to walk around the booth area, take a look on what's going on there. We bet you will find something really impressing.
```
